                                                                     71
             (b) the Commissioner’s Office has determined, through
an independent physician, if necessary, that at the time the replacement
Player is signed, each of the three (3) injured or ill Players on the
Member’s Active and/or Inactive List, and the additional injured or ill
Player, will continue to be unable to perform playing services due to
injury or illness.
             The Commissioner, in his sole discretion, may permit a
Member to replace additional injured or ill Players on that Member’s
Active List or Inactive List.
             6.08. Voluntarily Retired List. A Player who has not
completed the playing services called for under his Player Contract
may be transferred to the Voluntarily Retired List only after the
Commissioner is notified in a Writing by both the Player and the Team
with which he is under contract. No Player whose name appears on
any Member’s Voluntarily Retired List shall, without the unanimous
consent of the Board of Governors, be permitted to engage in any
Exhibition, Regular Season, or Playoff Game within a period of one (1)
year from the date that his name shall have been first placed on such
List. If such Player desires to become an active Player in the
Association, and the Member for which he last played does not desire
to acquire his services, the right to acquire such services shall be
determined in accordance with the waiver procedure.
             6.09. Armed Services List and Returning Servicemen.
             (a) Members shall continue to have rights to the services
of a Player who has been inducted into the Armed Services by placing
the name of the Player on its Armed Services List. The name of such
Player, unless removed from such List in accordance with the
provisions hereof, shall remain on such List during his active duty and
for thirty (30) days thereafter. As used herein “active duty” shall not
include performance of periodic reserve obligations of any such Player.
             (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Player in the Armed
Services may be retained or placed on a Member’s Active List or

