70
which case, following the fifth game of the suspension, the Member
may transfer the Player from the Active List to the Suspended List and
substitute a Player in his stead.
             (c) Any Player who is suspended by his Team may be
placed on his Team’s Active List or Inactive List during the term of the
suspension. If a Player has been suspended by his Team for more than
three (3) games, the Member may, following the third game of the
suspension, transfer the Player from the Active List or Inactive List to
the Suspended List and substitute a Player in his stead.
             6.06. Minimum Number of Players.             Throughout the
Season, no Team shall appear for any Exhibition or Regular Season
Game unless at least eight (8) Players are dressed for and eligible and
able to participate in such Game. During the Playoffs, no Team shall
appear for any Playoff Game unless at least nine (9) Players are dressed
and eligible and able to participate in such Playoff Game.
             6.07. Hardship. In the event that the application of the
provisions of these By-Laws pertaining to Player Lists and replacement
of Players shall, in any particular case, cause extreme hardship, such
provisions, upon application by the Member claiming hardship, may be
waived or modified, and special rules may be invoked for the Member
claiming such hardship; provided, however, that such provisions may
only be waived or modified by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
entire Board of Governors (the Governor representing the Member
claiming hardship not voting). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
event that a Member has three (3) Players on its Active List and/or
Inactive List who are unable to perform playing services due to injury
or illness and such Member has an additional Player who becomes
unable to perform playing services due to injury or illness, it may
substitute a Player in his stead after the following has occurred:
             (a) each of the three (3) injured or ill Players and the
additional injured or ill Player has missed a minimum of three (3)
consecutive games due to injury or illness; and

