                                                                     29
              (a) Any Member of the Association or the Commissioner
may charge that a Member or Owner has violated one (1) or more of
the provisions of Article 13. Said charge shall be made in Writing and
shall be filed with the Commissioner, who shall, no later than three (3)
business days after the charges are filed, cause a copy thereof to be
served by a Writing upon the Member or Owner against whom such
charges have been made.
              (b) The Member or Owner so charged shall, within five
(5) days after receipt of the charges, file with the Commissioner its
written answer thereto. The Commissioner shall thereupon transmit
said charges and answer to each of the Governors of the Association
and shall call a special meeting of the Governors to hear the charges, to
be held on a date not more than ten (10) days after the filing of a
Member’s or Owner’s answer, due notice to be given.
              (c) Willful failure by a Member or Owner so charged to
answer the charges during such five (5) day period or to appear at the
hearing shall be deemed an admission by said Member or Owner of the
total validity of the charges as presented.
              (d) At such hearing, the Chairman of the Board of
Governors shall be the presiding officer, except that if the Chairman of
the Board of Governors represents either the complaining Member or
the Member charged, then the Commissioner shall designate an
alternate Chairman for purposes of the hearing.
              (e) At the hearing, the Member or Owner so charged
shall have the right to be represented by counsel. Strict rules of
evidence shall not apply, and all relevant and material evidence
submitted prior to and at the hearing may be received and considered.
              (f) After duly considering all the evidence, the Board of
Governors shall vote upon the proposition that the charges have been
sustained in whole or in part. The affirmative vote of three-fourths
(3/4) of all the Governors shall be required to sustain the charges.

