                                                                     67
             5.03. Waiver Procedure. A Member desiring to secure
waivers on a Player shall notify the Commissioner or the
Commissioner’s designee, who shall, on behalf of such Member,
immediately notify all other Members of the waiver request. Such
Player shall be assumed to have been waived unless a Member shall
notify the Commissioner or the Commissioner’s designee in
accordance with Section 5.04 of a claim to the rights to such Player.
Once a Member has notified the Commissioner or the Commissioner’s
designee of its desire to secure waivers on a Player, such notice may
not be withdrawn. A Player remains the financial responsibility of the
Member placing him on waivers until the waiver period set by the
Commissioner or the Commissioner’s designee has expired.
             5.04. Waiver Period.       If the Commissioner or the
Commissioner’s designee distributes notice of request for waiver, any
Members wishing to claim rights to the Player shall do so by giving
notice by telephone and in a Writing of such claim to the
Commissioner or the Commissioner’s designee within forty-eight (48)
hours after the time of such notice. A Team may not withdraw a claim
to the rights to a Player on waivers. Notwithstanding Article 40 of the
NBA Constitution, Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays shall be
included when computing the above-referenced waiver period.
             5.05. Waiver Preferences.
             (a) In the event that more than one (1) Member shall
have claimed the rights to a Player placed on waivers, the claiming
Member with the lowest team standing at the time the waiver was
requested shall be entitled to acquire the rights to such Player. If the
request for waiver shall occur after the last day of the Season and
before 11:59 p.m. eastern time on the following November 30, the
standings at the close of the previous Season shall govern.
             (b) If the winning percentage of two (2) or more
claiming Teams are the same, then the tie shall be determined, if
possible, on the basis of the Regular Season Games between the two (2)
or more Teams during the current Season or, if the waiver request shall

