                                                                    75
notwithstanding the provision of Sections 6.02 and 6.03 of these By-
Laws governing the maximum number of Players that may be carried
on an Active List or Inactive List, may participate in Exhibition,
Regular Season, and Playoff Games. If such a returning Player
requests re-employment on or after February 15, he must similarly be
tendered a contract and “tried out” and, notwithstanding the provisions
in said Sections 6.02 and 6.03 of these By-Laws, may participate in
Exhibition and Regular Season Games but may not participate in
Playoff Games.
             (d) The provisions of this Section 6.10 shall also apply to
returning servicemen not previously under contract with a Member;
provided, however, that no more than two (2) such Players may be
“tried out” by a Member at any one time.
             (e) A Player who has played in any Regular Season
Game or Playoff Game while in the Armed Services and who, upon his
release from the Armed Services, is entitled to employment or
reemployment pursuant to the provisions of subsections (c) and (d)
hereof must, notwithstanding the provisions of those subsections, be
included in determining the maximum number of Players on the
Member’s Active List and Inactive List provided for in Sections 6.02
and 6.03 of these By-Laws.
             6.11. Effect of Waiver on Player Lists. A Player with
respect to whom a request for waiver has been made will be removed,
immediately upon receipt of such request by the Commissioner or the
Commissioner’s designee, from the Member’s Player Lists.
             6.12. Transfer Between Player Lists.        Members are
required to provide written notice to the Association Office
immediately upon transferring any Player from one Player List to
another. No such transfers shall be permitted within the sixty-minute
period prior to the publicly announced start time of a Exhibition,
Regular Season or Playoff Game; provided, however, that the
Commissioner (or his designee) shall be entitled to grant exceptions to
the foregoing rule upon a showing of extreme hardship.

