74
consent of the Board of Governors, be permitted to engage in any
Exhibition, Regular Season, Playoff Game, or NBA G League game as
a Two-Way Player or Player on work assignment, within a period of
one (1) year from the date that his name shall have been first placed on
such List. If such Player desires to become an active Player in the
Association, and the Member for which he last played does not desire
to acquire his services, the right to acquire such services shall be
determined in accordance with the waiver procedure.
      6.10. Armed Services List and Returning Servicemen.
             (a) Members shall continue to have rights to the services
of a Player who has been inducted into the Armed Services by placing
the name of the Player on its Armed Services List. The name of such
Player, unless removed from such List in accordance with the
provisions hereof, shall remain on such List during his active duty and
for thirty (30) days thereafter. As used herein “active duty” shall not
include performance of periodic reserve obligations of any such Player.
             (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Player in the Armed
Services may be retained or placed on a Member’s Active List or
Inactive List and may play in Exhibition, Regular Season and, if
otherwise eligible, Playoff Games, if his retention on such Active List
or Inactive List will not result in exceeding the maximum provided in
Sections 6.02 and 6.03 of these By-Laws. A Player may be placed on a
Member’s Armed Services List at any time after such Player has been
inducted into the Armed Services; provided, however, that a Player
may be placed on such Armed Services List from the Member’s Active
List or Inactive List only once during the same period of active service
in the Armed Services if such Player has played in any Exhibition,
Regular Season, or Playoff Games during the period of active service.
             (c) A Player who was under contract with a Member at
the time of his induction into the Armed Services and who, upon his
release, requests re-employment prior to February 15, must be tendered
a contract on the same terms and conditions as the contract in existence
at the time he was so inducted. Such Player must be “tried out” and,

