62
are permitted after 3 p.m. (eastern time) on the seventeenth Thursday of
any Season and until the day following the last Regular Season Game.
On the day following the last Regular Season Game, Teams may again
engage in Assignment Transactions; provided, however, that (i) no
Member whose team is participating in the Playoffs may assign the
contract of a Player on its Playoff Roster until the team is eliminated
from the Playoffs, and (ii) no Assignment Transactions may take place
during the Moratorium Period (as such term is defined in the collective
bargaining agreement then in effect).
             (b) An Assignment Transaction must comply with all
rules relating to such transactions as set forth in the NBA/NBPA
Collective Bargaining Agreement then in effect.
             4.02. Trade Procedures.
             (a) In order to conduct any Assignment Transaction, the
parties thereto shall state their agreement on the terms and conditions of
the transaction during a conference call with the Association Office
(the “Trade Call”). Such terms and conditions shall include, without
limitation, all details with respect to amounts of money, terms of
payment, and draft choices, if any. An Assignment Transaction shall
not be deemed to be completed until all conditions thereof agreed upon
during the Trade Call have been satisfied and the parties thereto have
received written notice from the Association Office confirming that all
such conditions to the Assignment Transaction have been satisfied.
Any term or condition of an Assignment Transaction not disclosed to
the Association Office on the Trade Call shall not be enforceable. If it
is subsequently discovered by the Association Office that an
Assignment Transaction included a term or condition not disclosed on
the Trade Call, then the Commissioner shall have the right to impose a
fine on each of the parties to the Assignment Transaction in an amount
not to exceed $5,000,000.
             (b) All terms and conditions of an Assignment
Transaction shall be set forth in detail in a Trade Memorandum to be

